My name is Michael, a fourth-year transfer student at Cal Polytechnical State University at San Luis Obispo, CA. My major is City and Regional Planning, and minor in Landscape Architecture. I like to ride my mountain bike to go to campus or SLO Downtown. I like to do cycling because it helps the environment by reducing pollution and maintaining good health for myself. Besides that, cycling is good functional activity to take away some stress. I can feel the wind that blows out the struggle thing inside my head when I ride my bike. Cycling is healthy, fun, and low-impact form of activity for everyone.
Before I talk about cycling instruction, we need to wear essential safety equipment for your body and bike. The first piece of equipment is always to wear a helmet that protects your head to reduce the risk of a severe injury. It also prevents many unintentional bike death or fatal bike accidents. The second piece of equipment is wearing a pair of gloves that provides extra protection in your hands during a crash. It also enhanced grip and control on bike handlebars. The last part of the equipment is to have a taillight and headlight install your bike. If you ride a bike at night or during the day with overcast conditions, you need some light to ensure you are visible to the road user. Now we find a bike size. It is essential to choose the right frame from the outset to be more comfortable and fun to ride. If you are the first to ride a bike, you need to find a flat surface or open space such as a park trail or quiet road to practice braking and balancing for a more extended period. First, you try to practice using the hand brakes to feel how much pressure it takes to reduce the speed or stop while off your bike. When you finish braking practicing, you can start cycling. You need to sit on the seat with one foot on the ground and the other on the pedal like 1- 2 o'clock position. The next step is to press down pressure on the pedal in the high place that gives the bike its forward momentum. One tip tries to look straight because it maintains a straight line and tends to have a balanced path. The only way to get better cycling is by practicing. By getting out of your comfort zone and being playful on your bike, you can become a better rider and have more fun.
There is some additional information and tip for cycling. There are three craigslist cycle are road bikes, mountain bikes, and hybrid bikes. Road bikes build a lightweight frame, wheel, components for efficiently riding on the road. Mountain bikes make for off-road cycling in rough terrain, trail riding, downhill in a mountain. Hybrid bicycles blend characteristics from road bikes and mountain bikes. One tip for cycling is to try to look straight because it maintains a straight line and tends to have a balanced path.